docs: New docs for table functions (#3727)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/table-functions.rst

.. _table-functions:

> Using Table Functions With KSQL

Reviewer: this should probably be inside `udf.rst` where we have UDF/UDAF documentation (including all annotation documentation)

Author: done

###############################

A _table function_ is a function that returns a set of zero or more rows. Contrast this to a scalar

> function which returns a single value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
function, which returns a single value.
```

Author: done

> Table functions are analagous to the `FlatMap` operation commonly found in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Table functions are analagous to the ``FlatMap`` operation that's commonly found in
```

Author: done

> functional programming or stream processing frameworks such as [kstreams].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
functional programming or stream processing frameworks such as |kstreams|.
```

Reviewer 2: |kstreams| is a [string token](https://github.com/confluentinc/docs/blob/655c9086d6409b2547c8402cf90482995bc5b69a/conf.py#L355) that gets replaced during the doc build.

Author: done

> Table functions are used in the SELECT clause of a query. They cause the query to potentially

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use table functions in the SELECT clause of queries that you want to output
```

> output more than one row for each input value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
potentially more than one row for each input value.
```

The current implementation of table functions only allows a single column to be returned. This column
can be any valid KSQL type.

> Here's an example of the ``EXPLODE`` built-in table function which takes an ARRAY and outputs one value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's an example of the ``EXPLODE`` built-in table function, which takes an ARRAY and outputs one value
```

Author: done

for each element of the array:

.. code:: sql

  {sensor_id:12345 readings: [23, 56, 3, 76, 75]}
  {sensor_id:54321 readings: [12, 65, 38]}

The following stream:

.. code:: sql

  CREATE STREAM exploded_stream AS
    SELECT sensor_id, EXPLODE(readings) AS reading FROM batched_readings;

Would emit:

.. code:: sql

  {sensor_id:12345 reading: 23}
  {sensor_id:12345 reading: 56}
  {sensor_id:12345 reading: 3}
  {sensor_id:12345 reading: 76}
  {sensor_id:12345 reading: 75}
  {sensor_id:54321 reading: 12}
  {sensor_id:54321 reading: 65}
  {sensor_id:54321 reading: 38}

> When scalar values are mixed with table function returns in a SELECT clause, the scalar values

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When scalar values are mixed with table function return values in a SELECT clause, the scalar values
```

Author: done

> (in the previous example ``sensor_id``) are copied for each value returned from the table function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
like ``sensor_id`` in the previous example, are copied for each value the table function returns.
```

Author: done

You can also use multiple table functions in a SELECT clause. In this situation, the results of the
table functions are "zipped" together. The total number of rows returned is equal to the greatest
number of values returned from any of the table functions. If some of the functions return fewer
rows than others, the missing values are replaced with ``null``.

> Here's an example that illustrates this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates using multiple table functions in a SELECT clause.
```

Author: done

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
